1. Write an assert statment that triggers an AssertionError if the variable spam is an integer less than 10.
    assert spam >= 10, 'Error message'

2. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variables eggs and bacon contain strings that are the same as each other, even if their cases are different (that is, 'hello' and 'hello' are considered the same, and 'goodbye' and 'GOODbye' are also considered the same).
    assert eggs.lower() != bacon.lower(), 'Error message'

3. Write an assert statement that always triggers an AssertionError.
    assert False, 'Error message'

4. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to be able to call logging.debug()?
    import logging
    logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG, format=' %(asctime)s -  %(levelname) s - %(message)s')

5. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to have logging.debug() send a logging message to a file named programLog.txt?
    import logging
    logging.basicConfig(filename='programLog.txt', level=logging.DEBUG, format='%(asctime)s -  %(levelname)s -  %(message)s')

6. What are the five logging levels?
    Debug, Info, Warning, Error, Critical

7. What line of code can you add to disable all logging messages in your program?
    logging.disable(logging.CRITICAL)

8. Why is using logging messages better than using print() to display the same message?
    You can simply disable them with one command later and don't have to disable them later by hand. disable lower lvl messages, create logging messages, provide timestamps

9. What are the differences between the Step Over, Step In, and Step Out buttons in the debugger?
    Step Over - executes the next line of code, if next line is a function call it will execute the function and stop as the function calls return
    Step In - executes the next line of code, if next line is a function call it will step inside the function and jump to the first line of the function
    Step Out - will execute lines at full speed until it returns from the current function

10. After you click Continue, when will the debugger stop?
    it stops at the next breakpoint or until the program terminates

11. What is a breakpoint?
    A breakpoint forces the debugger to pause whenever the program execution reaches that line.

12. How do you set a breakpoint on a line of code in Mu?
    Click the line number in the file editor
